We need to have a little talk. Marketing
friends, yes, the funnel has changed.
Sure, the world of zero clicks and the
end of traffic, it is here. But that
doesn't mean that all traffic is dead or
all websites are useless or all
conversions will cease. That's not
what's happening. Let's go back in time.
I'm going to use this example of of
French florist. They they do really
lovely uh beautiful customized flower
deliveries, work with a bunch of high
quality local florists. And uh I don't
actually know whether they delivered to
Ohio in 2012, but that's the example I'm
going to use. So back then, Google was
sending them maybe 10,000 searches each
day and social networks were sending
another 3,000 because remember you used
to be able to get traffic from social
networks and no one was getting answers
from AI. If they wanted to figure out,
you know, what to send uh their mom for
Mother's Day, they had to go to the
website. They had to browse around and
look around and get inspired by things
that happened on the site. But in 2025,
13 years later, that's not how it works,
right? People are going to Google and
saying, "Does French florist deliver to
Ohio?" What I I don't have to go to the
site and, you know, click around the
contact and about and delivery details.
I just like asking Google and I don't
have to go and get inspired by ideas on
their website. I follow them on
Instagram. They have like 10,000
followers on Instagram, right? Who see
their posts and so they're like, "Oo, I
like this particular flower set. Lots of
views, no traffic." They go to chat GBT
and they say, "Hey, what are the best
flower options for my mom who's in her
60s, she likes mid-century design and
she likes simple decor." Boom. There you
go. Right. You you get you get the
answers. You don't have to go and visit
until it is time to actually transact
and then you still go to the website.
This is why it is still important to
have the website itself which informs
the social content and the content that
search engines put up and the content
that AI tools give as answers. But don't
think that you're not going to get the
conversions just because the marketing
is happening in these other places. Back
in 2012, sure a million people per day
were looking for info about that niche
and maybe the website was getting 15,000
visits and they were making 400 sales.
And in 2025, the funnel has changed.
There's still those same million people,
probably even more because the
economyy's grown, looking for info about
your niche, but your website is getting
far less traffic because people don't
need to go to your site to solve all
their problems. Google and Chat GPT and
all the social networks, they are
solving those problems on the platform
without sending a click, without you
getting a single visitor. And so you're
still making 400 sales a day because
when they get those answers in those
places, people still come to you, right?
That's where they're they're going to
transact. And so the big differences,
two big differences. One, optimizing for
traffic is straight up dumb. It it's
just a bad idea. It doesn't make sense.
And number two, the way to improve is
not to get more visits to the website,
which was the way that we sort of
pounded on things in in 2012. The way to
improve is to improve your marketing and
the experiences people have off of your
website. So if I if I see a search like
what are the best options for
highquality flower deliveries in Ohio, I
want to change that search. I want to
get more people searching for my brand,
right? Not just asking generic
questions. I'm trying to influence the
searches. I want to show up in this
Reddit thread or I want the Reddit
threads that say nice things about me to
be the ones that show up there, which
which again is a different kind of SEO
than getting traffic to my own site. And
I want Google to include my brand in
these people also ask results or or
whatever is showing up on the search
results. I want these social networks to
have my content so that people are
getting inspired and they are getting
brand uh impressions from me in the
social media results, right? I want to
be in these places. I want to be at the
top of Instagram with all the likes. I
want to be in the Pinterest results with
a bunch of pins where people when they
click on those are coming to my site,
right? And I want to be in the LLM
answers.
Step one is figuring out which of these
platforms you actually care about and
have to care about, right? So, so
Reddit, as we noted, is in here.
Pinterest is quite high. You can see
chat GPT is in there. This these these
make sense. This is for searchers of
Flores and Ohio. And step two is
actually be present in the places they
pay attention. The right subreddits, the
right threads, the right um uh websites
and web pages, the right social uh
social accounts on the networks
mentioning and talking about your brand.
This is zero click marketing people.
It's not zero marketing.